# Configuration Options

## Processor: Event ID

This processors generates a random event identifier of configurable length
(and entropy), and appends it to the event.

Note that this processor uses `java.security.SecureRandom`. While each thread
is using a `ThreadLocal` instance and so reduces repeated instantiation of
`SecureRandom` by utilizing only one `SecureRandom` instance over the lifetime
of an individual thread, it is possible (depending on the local Java security
settings) that the instantiation of `SecureRandom` will block due to a depleted
operating system entropy pool.

This can in particular happen if the PRNG to be used in `SecureRandom` is set
to a blocking operating system PRNG (e.g. `/dev/random`). The problem is
greatly aggravated when a single operating system entropy pool is shared
amongst multiple virtual containers, each of them running applications that
require entropy from the shared pool.

If your application does not start, or is blocking, check the log files with
the `INFO` log level for messages regarding instantiation of `SecureRandom`.
There should be two messages per thread. If there is only one, your entropy
pool is most likely depleted, and you need to either make sure that this
does not happen in the first place, or use a different non-blocking PRNG
algorithm / non-blocking entropy source.

Class name: `org.beiter.michael.eaudit4j.processors.eventid.EventIdProcessor`

### audit.processor.eid.length

The length in chars of the (random) event ID that is generated by this
processor.

The entropy of this random String is approximately 3/4 of the overall String
length.

Default: `16`

### audit.processor.eid.eventFieldName

The name of the field that this processor will use to store the event ID in
audit events.

Default: `org.beiter.michael.eaudit4j.processors.eventid`
